=============
./2013-04.txt
=============


===========
2013-04.txt
===========


==========
April 2013
==========

:date: 2013-04-21 Sunday
:time: 11:45

Yet again, it has been almost a month since I have written anything here. This
time however, I have a bit of news since my last entry.

To start at the beginning, I was cut from our Friday mixed curling league. First
they had Chris Pederson play in the Telus bonspiel and didn't tell me about it at
all.  Then, they let me play in club playdowns but right after the game where we
were out of the running they told me they didn't want me on the team any more.
To me that was a bit of a hard thing to take.  I really liked curling with them
but I guess I'll have to move on.

I'm really strongly contemplating going to the Saville Center or to some other
curling club like Ellerslie. The only real tie I have now to the Granite is Ian
Graves' team. I think I should look into telling him I'm not going to curl with
him this upcoming year. I could still form a team with Zach and Michelle and
Rachel we would just register at a different club.

Well, after curling season ended things got fairly quiet and boring for me. I
continued to teach guitar, one lesson a week, and I worked.  My parents came out
to visit for Easter and we made a turkey.  That was good, but essentially things
were just boring and lonely.

Then a few weeks ago I got a text message from Johno.  He invited me out to a
show with a new band of his. I didn't have anything better to do so I went.  As
usual I got there early, so I helped set up the PA and helped with sound checks
a bit.  It was good to see Johno again, and of course Brad and Yannick are
always good times.  I didn't know before hand but Mel - Johno's ex-girlfriend -
is their main singer.  It was good to see her again, she seems pretty fun.

Then there was Sophia. She is the keyboardist for the band. I hadn't met her
before that night. We introduced each other and talked a tiny bit while we were
setting the stage up.  I learned she is a classically trained pianist and she
wants to become a teacher.  She has applied to Concordia and is waiting to hear
from them I believe.  I was very impressed.

She is also one of the prettiest girls to ever show much interest in me.  Sophia
is a bit shorter than me, maybe 4 or 5 inches.  She has dark hair that frames
her face nicely and a pair of eyes that I could stare into for days.

Of course all that added up to me being overwhealmed a bit.  She is out of my
league. I hung around for their show, and for the jam afterwards.  I even helped
clean some of the equipment up.  I don't know why I did it but at some point I
just decided it was home time and I left without saying bye to anybody.  Usually
this move of mine is a point of annoyance with people and this time was no
different; except this time it may have also been something more.

A few days later, Sophia friended me and left me a message on Facebook.  She
gave me a rough time for leaving without saying good night. I fumbled my way
through a bit of conversation using facebook messages and eventually managed to
plan a jam with Johno and have Sophia come.

Turns out that was their normal band practice day and I likely just made things
more difficult for everybody.

Sophia needed to leave the jam early so I unfortunately didn't have much
opportunity to chat with her face to face at all. Fortunately, she again
initiated a conversation on Facebook.  Actually she flirted a little.  At least
I hope that's what she was doing because I eventually worked up the nerve to ask
her out for drinks.

Drinks.  How original. If first impressions are so important, choice of what to
do on that first date seems just as important since it can form an impression
even before the date itself.  Drinks.  I'm boring, nice to meet you.

To my ultimate amazement she agreed to go out with me.  I even got lucky with
the place that I picked because they serve a gluten free beer and I completely
forgot that she is alergic to gluten.  If I was a cat I'd have 8 lives left, but
I'm not.  I'm just a person who is supposed to have one life, except they made
an off by one error so the "lives" counter says zero but I can still play till
my next mistake.

So yesterday we went out for Drinks. As usual, and like a dolt, I took transit
to whyte ave and got there 45 minutes early.  Luckily she showed up at the right
time and I didn't make a fool of myself with that.  We then had a nice
conversation.  I found that I couldn't find anything intelligent to say, and
that she is even farther out of my league than I thought.

Sophia has studied classical music in Germany and has travelled the world with
an Orchestra.  She makes her living teaching piano, self employed.  She's very
confident and she knows what she likes and dislikes.  We seem to have a lot in
common too though.  We are both dog people, we like teas, we like to travel, we
both like music including metal.

We even have some mutual friends that were previously unknown.  She is friends
with Lizzie and Kirsten. Sophia and Kirsten are apparently pretty close.

I found myself struggling to make many good contributions to the conversation.
Sophia kept the subject of the conversation moving and I encouraged that subject
to be her.  I was enraptured by everything she said.  I hung on every word.  But
as a conversationalist I was underwealming.

I made a lot of self deprecating comments that probably didn't come accross very
well either.

Near the end of our visit Sophia mentioned that she wanted to curl up and watch
a movie.  I suggested that I'd enjoy joining her for that, and we exchanged
phone numbers.

I'm not sure whether it was innocent or whether she had planned an escape into
our meeting.  After the company that I now feel I was being, I wouldn't blame
her if she had worked in an escape route.

I guess the uncertainty that's killing me the most now is, have I percieved this
correctly?  Am I wrong about some or all of this?  Should I call her and ask her
out again?  If I wait will she initiate a conversation again.  Should I risk
asking her and being turned down?  If I just wait and see what happens will I be
missing an opportunity?  How am I suppossed to know if she was into me? How can
I tell if I'm just making a fool of myself?

I just hope that she makes it clear either way. As much as I would hate to be
simply turned down I would really prefer that to being strung along just to find
out she never was that interested.  Am I deluding myself into thinking she might
want to see me again?  Is it unreasonable to hope?

I don't know what I'm going to do about this, but I don know that I'm rambling.
Only so much rambling is good for the soul.  Too much rambling gives you carpal
tunnel.
