========
May 2013
========

:date: 2013-05-03 Friday
:time: 7:30am

As usual, I meant to write a quick update a couple of different times over the
last two weeks; however, I didn't.

So I guess I'll just start from where I left off.  After Sophia and I met at the
Pourhouse we talked a few times, either with SMS or Facebook messages.  From the
nature of the conversations that we've had I would say that I haven't been given
any negative vibes.  In fact, she has stated that she'd like to hang out again.
But with all that said, we haven't set a date for any second dates and I feel
awkward being the one to always initiate the conversation.

After their show - that first night where I met Sophia - she was the one that
contacted me on Facebook.  She started it.  Following that though I asked her
out to the Pourhouse and now I'm in this weird position where I've asked her
out, she has said yes but then the conversation stopped.

Am I supposed to be clingy and possibly creepy and text her something like,
"Hey, I really like you.  Call me if you want to hang out sometime."?  I don't
know; maybe.  Looking back I guess I can say I've never really dated much
before.


:date: 2013-05-06 Monday
:time: 9:30am

Yet again, I have been shown that I am too negative, always expecting the worst.
Friday, after work, I ended up chatting with Sophia online for a bit.  Just like
every conversation I've had with her, things went great.  There was flirting
which was reciprocated and she even asked to make sure I was going to Johno's
Halfway to Halloween Party.  The conversation went so well, I even asked if she
wanted to hang out before the party for a few hours.  A bit to my surprise, she
agreed to hang out before party.  It shouldn't be too surprising that I was
ecstatic.

On Saturday, I met up with Rachel Heisler for lunch.  She's been studying for
another level of certification and taking circus classes and just keeping
herself so busy it's crazy.  The weather was great for sitting on the patio at
O'byrnes; I may have even started to get a little pink. We came up with a plan
to make Vanilla, Caramel and Bacon Iced Cream this summer because she has an
iced cream maker.  I need to make sure neither of us forget that.

Unfortunately, later on Saturday I received a message from Sophia saying that
she wouldn't be able to hang out.  She was working on material for one of her
students and it was taking longer than expected. Although I was disappointed I
could understand; it always takes me a long time to do a transcription too.

Later that night, I went to Johno's party.  I went dressed as Howie Mandel, bald
cap and everything.  Johno and Yannick were cross dressing hookers and Sophie
was their Pimp.  There were a handful of other funny costumes too.  The party
was a typical party.

... to be continued

:date: 2013-05-09 Thursday
:time: 1:30pm

continued from 2013-05-06_9:30am...  The party was a typical party for a Johno
organized costume party.  Near the end of the night I noticed Sophia leaving but
I didn't get a chance to talk because one of the other guys at the party was
really hitting on her.  After she left, I stayed a bit longer and then took my
leave as well.  The party was starting to die down anyway.

When I got home from the party, I thought I'd be cheeky and give Sophia a rough
time for not saying goodnight to me before she left.  From later conversations I
found out that she was planning on going back to the party but decided not to
since I wasn't there. Just the thing to give me a nice glowing feeling inside.
