=============
./2013-03.txt
=============


===========
March, 2013
===========

:date: 2013-03-05 Tuesday

Well, it's official. I'm a horrible blogger. It has been 4 months since my last
confession... I mean entry... and boy have I sinned... or something.

Seriously though, lots has changed since the last blog entry that I wrote.  The
biggest change of course is that I am now single.  That was a long time coming
though.  It's weird, I don't register the ending of my relationship with Nicole
as such a bad thing.  Completely the opposite of how it was when Erin and I
broke up.  Nicole and I are amiable, friends even; we still curl together just
fine.

----

:date: 2013-03-08 Friday

AHHH!!!! The curling season is coming to a close... and I don't know what I'm
going to do with myself when curling is over.  :(

Despite my freak out, this week has been super full of curling.  The Brier is
in town so I've been out to the bar a bunch to watch as many games as I can.

Chris Evernden and myself got free tickets to the first draw of the Brier
because we played a shuffleboard game this year called 'Cool Shots'. Cool Shots
was the brainchild of the CCA; they donated curling style shuffleboards to 4
curling clubs around town.  Each of those clubs had to run a couple of
tournaments to choose a winning team for the club, and those winners were then
invited to the opening draw and to play in the Brier Patch Cool Shots
tournament.  We got pretty lucky because we won for our club but in the first
end in the tournament at the brier we (read: Chris) gave up 6 points. The games
were only 4 ends so we did not manage to come back after that.

As well, I took yesterday off of work because I scored some tickets to the
Thursday morning games.  Zach joined me for the game in the morning but he had
to work part of the day so he took off instead of going to the patch afterward.

This week also marks the start of playdowns for most curling leagues.  This
year our Friday Mixed team is the grand aggregate league winners and our GUSL
team is second place in the A pool.  Hopefully we do well in the playdowns!

----

:date: 2013-03-09 Saturday

It seems our Friday mixed team had saved all of our bad luck for yesterday's
game.  Oh boy did we lose.  Even the fluky shots that we made were better for
the other team than for us.  At one point, Sherry raised their rock from
half-way gaurd, through a hole that you couldn't draw through (angles were
wonky) and onto the button, behind lots of gaurds.  I'm just glad that playdowns haven't started yet.

Club Playdowns are the weekend of the 22-24 of this month.  The weekend after
next. There isn't any curling next week either.

With no curling next week, that means I'm free to change days that Jordan and I
have our guitar lessons.  An additional silver lining for me is that since
Jordan wants to switch to Thursdays, I get a few extra days to work on the
lesson plan.

I do not think that I am yet at a point where I am free to take on additional
guitar students.  It seems there's barely enough time in the week to get all my
chores done, go to work, have some me time, *and* create brand new lessons
weekly. Although I'm tempted to reduce the me time, I've learned in the past
that I can't maintain a level of focus like that for long.  So instead I'll
stick with one guitar student for now.

----

.. prv

:date: 2013-03-10 Sunday

It has finally struck home that I'm single again.  Not in the good way either.
When I tell myself I'm single again I just hear "I'm alone".

Last week, had I asked myself how I felt about this all, I probably would have
said that I'm better off, and that it'll all happen for me some day too. Now,
while I know it's better that we broke up, I can feel this clock ticking away
the remainder of my time. With all my friends popping out babies and getting
married - even my cousin Eric is getting married now - I am starting to feel
the pressure to settle down.

Ok, I do want to buy a place soon, but I didn't really picture it a family
home.  I was thinking either a small bungalow or a condo.  Something I can
afford by myself but nothing much larger than where I am now. Eventually I'll
be ready for a family but at least right now, I don't know where I'll meet any
new girls.

I tried asking Erin the bartender on Sundays for her number, and I think she
was even saying yes. I had timed the question wrong because before she could
give me her number the bar got busy and before there was another chance I had
to go out curling.

I saw that she had a guy visiting with her a bit ago during one of her shifts
and I have a feeling he was her boyfriend. So, even though I felt positive
vibes I just can't shake the feeling that she was going to let me down. I
almost wish that she had succeeded in turning me down. Not knowing whether she
was going to say yes or no is eating me up.

Back on Thursday when I asked her, but didn't get an answer, I decided I would
persue the subject today at curling.  I was hoping I would be able to avoid any
awkward situations with Nicole. Even that didn't work out though because we
re-scheduled our game to 2pm so that Ellen and Nicole could go to the Brier.
Erin wasn't even there yet.

Although I had a notion that I was going to go back to the club to watch the
Brier game and talk to Erin but I chickened out.  I didn't go back.  I guess
I'll probably see her next Sunday, but I'll probably just leave it at that.

My confidence in my own ability to get a date is way down.  When I think about
the activities that I do and the possibilities for meeting new girls, I find
that I'm fairly limited to curling next year, shopping, and the bar.  None of
which are very realistic propositions for meeting the right kind of girls.

I feel lost and I don't really know what I'm going to do about it.

----

:date: 2013-03-16 Saturday

Yesterday I spared for Chris E. on Jesse Johnson's team.  I think I heard Mido
say that Chris isn't curling with that team in the mens playdowns because he's
curling in the Telus Installers bonspiel.  That sort of tweaked me a bit.  If
he's curling with Nicole and Sherry then it tweaks me a lot.  I have no problem
with Nicole, but it has been tough trying to get things back to normal between
us.  I can understand if it was her decision to drop me from the team, but I
feel insulted that nobody had the wherewithall to even mention it to me.
Honestly, I was looking forward to curling with them in it, both for the party
and for practice for the Mixed Club Playdowns starting next weekend.

I guess I still haven't 100% confirmed that the three of them are playing in
that bonspiel, but I can't help but expect that they did.  Following that line
of thought, I think I should talk to Nicole and see whether I should think about
finding another league or team for Friday too.  Perhaps I should take this
opportunity to tell Ian Graves that I can't curl with him either and find a
curling club closer to me.

I know that the current good times can't/won't last forever, but I can't help
but wondering if I'll ever find something quite like what I had.

Thinking about all that just poignantly reminds me that I will be seeing Nicole
tomorrow evening at the club.  At the same time, I'll also probably see Erin
May the bartender.  I asked her out on Thursday a week ago, dissappeared before
I could get her number and then, likely, appeared to avoid her by playing our
game at 2pm in the afternoon before she even came to work.  Now the
re-scheduling of the game was because of the Brier but I can't help but notice
how it might appear.  I'm worried about how this might play out tomorrow
evening.

.. /prv
